Update Firefox storage access heuristic definitions to match Firefox 141 (#40415)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/privacy/guides/state_partitioning/index.md

> Storage access heuristics are a transitional feature meant to prevent website breakage.
> They should not be relied upon for current and future web development.

#### Opener Heuristic

When a partitioned third-party opens a pop-up window that has [opener access](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/opener) to the originating document and the user interacts with that popup, the third-party is granted storage access to its embedder for 30 days.

#### Navigation Heuristic

> When a site `a.example` navigates a user to `b.example` in the same window, the user interacts with `b.example`, then the user is quickly navigated back to `a.example`, then `b.example` is granted storage access as a third party on `a.example` for 30 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say a site hosted at `a.example` navigates a user to `b.example` in the same window, the user interacts with `b.example`, then the user is quickly navigated back to `a.example`. In such a case, `b.example` is granted storage access as a third-party on `a.example` for 30 days.
```
